Want to take a second do a very brief introduction to some of the major parts of typescript that we'll
be using some of you may not be familiar with typescript.
It may be very cautious and maybe you know not you just want it maybe.
I don't know why did we use sidetrip why not regular javascript Well don't worry if you know javascript
you are going to be completely fine with this course and if you don't you're going to learn quite a
bit.
So typescript is a superset of javascript.
Well that basically means it has additional functionality so we can do everything.
Javascript is the here we have a regular job search function.
But if we wanted to use some aspects of typescript such as types we can.
So the things that you're going to see types assigned to the most see our function.
An example here.
Right now we're assuming that these are no 1 and 2 but we can actually tell typescript take make this
a number and treat this as a number.
And when we do that we get a lot of additional functionality where now if we do no one does it you see
we're going to pull up the number you know Intellisense we can't say hey let's say we want to split
it.
We're going to get this error like you cannot split on type number for instance right.
So it gives us the ability to pass types to our job primers those or turn types right.
So let's say we put a return type string here which is a colon at the end of the function is to say
oh this is a number because we're adding two numbers is not a string.
So you're going to these return types so this is all going to be set up for you and the Get have people
where we're going to have all of the parameters and the return types types a preassigned because I think
it makes more readable code.
But as you're working through.
And you want to work you want to learn a little bit.
Let's go ahead and do a very brief introduction of you know array data types for answers.
So if it costs you an example and there's a lot to cover in typescript if you're interested the following
resource will be a link to about a one hour video going over pretty much everything you would ever need
to know about type 2 but you can assign types to variables exactly like how we did above.
And so there is the any type which essentially means it's like hey we're going to put any data type
in here like you know we could put strings of numbers we could but Boyens
does not like that.
Oh it likes Matyas Blunstone me use double quotes.
But we can also go ahead and say hey this is a number type and we're expecting everything in here to
be a numbers of 0 1 2.
You can also do nested arrays like so or now we just let's go ahead and just another one on there and
we do one comma three comma two.
And now we have a double nested array.
That's really the extent of 99 percent of what you're going to need to know about typescript and this
course is going to make our intelligence smarter.
It's going to make our code much more readable.
That's going to make everything a little bit more understandable.
So let's go ahead and jump into the next section.